Chore/build optimization v2 (#13)
Rust-Cameroon/async-chat: docs/build_optimization.md

> # Link Time Optimizations  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Link Time Optimization (LTO) Setup  
```

> This project is optimized for faster build and link times by using high-performance linkers. Faster linking significantly reduces compilation time, improving the development workflow, especially for large projects.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is configured for faster build and link times using high-performance linkers. These linkers significantly reduce compilation time, improving the development workflow, especially for large Rust projects.  
```

## **Supported Linkers by Platform**  

> - **Linux (`x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu`)**: Uses `mold`, a high-speed linker optimized for parallel processing.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Linux (`x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu`)**: Uses [**mold**](https://github.com/rui314/mold), a lightning-fast linker optimized for multicore performance.
```

> - **macOS (`x86_64-apple-darwin`)**: Uses `lld`, the LLVM linker known for its efficiency and performance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **macOS (`x86_64-apple-darwin`)**: Uses [**lld**](https://lld.llvm.org/), the LLVM project’s high-performance linker known for it's efficiency.
```

## **Installation Instructions**  

### **Linux (Ubuntu/Debian-based)**  

> To install the `mold` linker, you can use `apt` package manager ship with Debian and Debian-based distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the `mold` linker, You can use the `apt` package manager available on Debian and Ubuntu-based distributions.
```
